# **Team Meeting 7**

## **Date/Time:** 

17 April 2024, 5:00 pm â€“ 6:00 pm

## **Location:** 

Hive, CSIT Building

## **Attendees:** 

Lingxiu Cai, Vidhu Chaudhary, Tony Chen, Song Han, Yifang Meng, Zhaoyun Zhang

## **Agenda:** 
1. Discuss the feedback received from client for the website demonstration.

## **Discussion:**
1. Review code and discuss improvement areas.
2. Discuss the developed features and how to improve front page, home page, upload feature.
3. Discuss how to store the images uploaded from unauthorised users.
4. Discuss the layout of the gallery sections on the webpage.
5. Discussed the devleopment of the detection module - to be discussed with the client.
6. Decide to have an independent module for manipulation detection instead of integrating it in the website.
